# jdelite
<<<<<<< HEAD
JDElite Diagram Builder is a Web flowchart editor for creating complex graph diagrams, using JavaScript and HTML 5. Its on-screen help and outstanding editing capabilities allow you to create quickly and easily flowcharts of any size. JDElite Diagram Builder's unique feature is that it offers unmatched readability to even the most complex diagrams. This is achieved by the proprietary algorithms for orthogonal edge routing of directed graph diagrams with highly efficient edge crossings reduction (patent No. US 10,424,096). The JDElite Diagram Builder can be integrated easily into most Web diagramming applications of any complexity. Open the real-time demo of JDElite Diagram Builder at http://raykovj.github.io/flowdemo.html and select Help->Overview to learn more about the editor. You can watch the video clips that illustrate how to create and edit a sample diagram. You can open some built-in sample diagrams or you can create your own new (saving is disabled) and explore the powerful editing features.
=======
JDElite Diagram Builder is a Web flowchart editor for creating complex graph diagrams, based on JavaScript, HTML 5 and node.js. Its on-screen help and outstanding editing capabilities allow you to create quickly and easily flowcharts of any size. JDElite Diagram Builder's unique feature is that it offers unmatched readability to the most complex diagrams. This is achieved by the proprietary algorithms for orthogonal edge routing of directed graph diagrams with highly efficient edge crossings reduction (patent No. US 10,424,096). Visit http://www.jdelite.com to open the free editor or to learn more about it. You can watch the video clips that illustrate how to create and edit a diagram. You can open some of the built-in sample diagrams or you can create your own new diagrams (saving is disabled) and explore the powerful editing features.
>>>>>>> 85ca0f687007f2f07a98a6ff4d4d467d65120c5d
